Added install to fluxctl output (#2489)
fluxcd/flux: docs/references/fluxctl.md

      --k8s-fwd-ns string               Namespace in which fluxd is running, for creating a port forward to access the API. No port forward will be created if a URL or token is given. You can also set the environment variable FLUX_FORWARD_NAMESPACE (default "default")
      --timeout duration                Global command timeout; you can also set the environment variable FLUX_TIMEOUT (default 1m0s)
  -t, --token string                    Weave Cloud authentication token; you can also set the environment variable WEAVE_CLOUD_TOKEN or FLUX_SERVICE_TOKEN
  -u, --url string                      Base URL of the Flux API (defaults to "https://cloud.weave.works/api/flux" if a token is provided); you can also set the environment variable FLUX_URL

Use "fluxctl [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

### Using `fluxctl install`

Installs Flux into your cluster, taking as input your Git details and namespace you want to target.

Example:

```sh
fluxctl install --git-url 'git@github.com:<your username>/flux-get-started' | kubectl -f -
```

> See [here](../tutorials/get-started.html#set-up-flux) for further information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [here](../tutorials/get-started.html#set-up-flux) for a full tutorial which makes use of `fluxctl install`.
```

  version        Output the version of fluxctl

Flags:
  -h, --help                            help for fluxctl
      --k8s-fwd-labels stringToString   Labels used to select the fluxd pod a port forward should be created for. You can also set the environment variable FLUX_FORWARD_LABELS (default [app=flux])
      --k8s-fwd-ns string               Namespace in which fluxd is running, for creating a port forward to access the API. No port forward will be created if a URL or token is given. You can also set the environment variable FLUX_FORWARD_NAMESPACE (default "default")
      --timeout duration                Global command timeout; you can also set the environment variable FLUX_TIMEOUT (default 1m0s)
  -t, --token string                    Weave Cloud authentication token; you can also set the environment variable WEAVE_CLOUD_TOKEN or FLUX_SERVICE_TOKEN
  -u, --url string                      Base URL of the Flux API (defaults to "https://cloud.weave.works/api/flux" if a token is provided); you can also set the environment variable FLUX_URL

Use "fluxctl [command] --help" for more information about a command.
```

## Install into a cluster

> See [here](https://docs.fluxcd.io/en/latest/tutorials/get-started.html#set-up-flux) for further information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [here](tutorials/get-started.html#set-up-flux) for further information
```

```sh

> Print and tweak Kubernetes manifests needed to install Flux in a Cluster

Reviewer: I'm not sure I'd paste the entire output of `install -h` here. Maybe just describe what the command does, and that an example of running it is
```
fluxctl install --git-url 'git@github.com:<your username>/flux-get-started' | kubectl -f -
```

Then link to the article?

Reviewer: So something like

```md
### Using `fluxctl install`
Briefly what it does - maybe which arguments it takes? Not sure that's required if all is discussed in the other article.

Example...

Link to other article for more info.
```

   fluxctl --message="Message providing more context for the action" .....
   ```

> 2. Committer

Reviewer: This is not necessary. In Markdown, you can do a numbered list using this:

```md
1. a
1. b
1. c
1. d
```

1. a
1. b
1. c
1. d
